h1. SHAVED BIEBER

Bookmarklet, Firefox Add-on, and inline code to clean up those lower regions of websites from Bieber mentions.

by Greg Leuch ("@gleuch":http://twitter.com/gleuch | "http://www.gleuch.com":http://www.gleuch.com)


h2. INSTALL

You have four options:

# *Install the Bookmarklet*
** Copy the code in shaved-bieber.bookmarklet and add to your favorites.
** Or, visit "fffff.at/shaved-bieber":http://fffff.at/shaved-bieber for easy one-step link adding.
# *Install the Firefox Add-on*
** Download the Add-on: "http://assets.gleuch.com/projects/shaved-bieber/master.xpi":http://assets.gleuch.com/projects/shaved-bieber/master.xpi
# Add the shaved-bieber.min.js as a new Greasemonkey script
# Add shaved-bieber.min.js in a &lt;script&gt; tag on your web page.

Enjoy!

A Google Chrome version is available on "chrome.google.com":https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/hohkcfiapflpfbfpjeahdfbmhpmbhcod. (Credit to "Zen Lin":http://twitter.com/infragoblin for the export!)



h2. UPDATING

h5. Firefox Add-on

Want make changes and install your updated version of the Firefox add-on? Follow the steps below:

  * Update xpi/content/shaved-bieber.js to your liking.
  * Make a .zip file of the contents of the xpi file, with the files as the root of the compressed file. (Read: Don't just compress xpi, do xpi/*.)
  * Rename compressed file extension from .zip to .xpi.
  * Go into Firefox, selected "Open File", and select your new .xpi file.
  * ????
  * PROFIT!

h5. Bookmarklet

Making changes to the bookmarklet version?  Change the URL path in the shaved-bieber.bookmarklet file to your server, copy the code and add as bookmarklet, and upload your changes to shaved-bieber.js to your server.



h2. CREDITS

Based on the "Ctrl+F'd project":http://github.com/gleuch/ctrl-f-d by "Greg Leuch":http://www.gleuch.com.
Inspiration from "Nick Bilton":http://twitter.com/nickbilton and "Chris Menning":http://twitter.com/straythenomad.
Special thanks to "Jamie Wilkinson":http://jamiedubs.com for advice and testing.


h2. LICENSE

MIT License "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT


h2. CHANGELOG

h6. 1.0.1b (30 May 2010)

Fixing bug where code being injected into inline stylesheets.

h6. 1.0b (17 May 2010)

Created, tested, released on "FAT Lab":http://fffff.at/shaved-bieber


